
## ReproHack on the web

The tail end of summer saw us busy disseminating information about ReproHacks. First was a blogpost on the Software Sustainability Institute (SSI) blog about our experiences at the CarpentryConnect Manchester event, the first one run as part of Anna's SSI Fellowship.

Anna also did a short presentation on ReproHacks on July's rOpenSci community call on the topic of Reproducble research in R.

In both, we described what's involved in a ReproHack, what we've learned from the ones we've learned from the ones run so far and future directions we want to take the project in. Have a look and a listen  to find out more.

## ReproHack NL forges ahead with the first ReproHack outside the UK 

We are extremely excited to be working with a fabulous group of R-Ladies from Leiden University who have taken the concept and really ran with it in their planning for the first ReproHack outside the UK!

These ladies have been an inspiration! They've created their own themed logos, the first ReproHack twitter account and managed some amazing funding. Aprt from organising what will undoubtebly be a super fun event, it's been really useful to work through the materials and revisit how well the event scales with the materials in their current state.  

Follow @ReproHackNL for updates or even better, register to join us at the event in Leiden! And if you can't, there'll be a blogpost on it!

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">This thing is really happening! <a href="https://t.co/d2xnHNo9z2">pic.twitter.com/d2xnHNo9z2</a></p>&mdash; ReproHack NL ♻️ (@ReproHackNL) <a href="https://twitter.com/ReproHackNL/status/1174998682879631360?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 20, 2019</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>



## N8 will support 5 ReproHacks in the North of the UK!
